# The-significance-of-feedback-in-learning
Receiving or giving feedback in the context of learning is frequently connected with a slew of uneasy sentiments on both sides. However, comments should be viewed as a positive experience as it allows us to change, reflect on, and improve our activities over time, allowing us to become a better learner, employee, and team player. In the learning process feedback is typically disregarded. It is frequently seen as an afterthought, rather than a necessary component of good learning. However, in today’s world where hybrid learning is accelerated due to covid and outcome based learning is the most effective learning where feedback plays a key part. Let’s look at why feedback is so crucial for learning programmes and how one can effectively include it into your own.  Feedback enabled through technology for outcome based education solutions Technology with so many other things has made providing feedback much easier. It provides effectives, timely feedback to learners when they need it as well as keeping track of the feedback given and allowing the learner to reflect on it. This means that the learner is receiving higher quality input from a variety of sources on a more consistent basis.  Online classroom management transforming the way people think about learning and development Most learning and development assessment methodologies are built to track one thing- completion rates. Those that ventured beyond completion rates frequently fell into a smile sheet trap indicating that students enjoyed the course. Neither did these encourage mastery or long term retention ignoring the goal of any learning intervention. It’s time for L&amp;D to shift their perspective as now is the moment to put the learner first and ensure that our learning interventions provide them with the skills and knowledge they require. DigiVal provides clear, meaningful, and actionable feedback to ensure this.  Classroom management solutions generates leaders through making feedback a vital process Feedback loops are becoming essential for personality development particularly for individuals pursuing leadership or management positions. Pupils can learn how to give and receive feedback in these situations. A feedback loop is ideal in these situations. When someone responds to or acts on input in a timely manner.This process assists in developing skills that are crucial to their success, such as listening to learn and providing timely feedback. DigiVal encourages educational institutions and pupils to provide feedback to one another as part of their learning programs. To know more:  https://digi-val.com/blog/significant-of-feedback-in-learning
